[tense music playing]
[Noor] I need to get my family
out of Iran.
You have to help us. Please.
[Catherine] Noor Taheri.
We're taking over her case.
[Peter] This is one of the photos you took
of the man that met with your ambassador.
Solomon Vega.
[Noor] The ambassador
was given a briefcase before he left.
[Peter] Make copies of what's in there.
You do that,
we will get your family out of Iran
and bring them here so you can
live together. That's the offer.
[Noor] I have a party tomorrow
at the ambassador's residence.
[Haleh] Excuse me?
What are you doing up here?
Everyone's supposed
to hand in their phone.
- [Rose] I found this on the banister.
- I'll make sure she gets it.
[snapping fingers] You.
Come help me with something.
- [electricity crackling]
- [both grunting]
[man yelling]
[Noor] I've betrayed my country.
If those documents
are as important as you say,
get my family out of Iran.
Then you will have your photos,
not before.
[music fades]
[opening theme music playing]
[door buzzing, opening]
[door closing]
[keys jangling]
[door buzzing]
[tense music playing]
You are not my lawyer.
- What gave me away?
- [man] Well, let's see.
You're short about two inches,
70 pounds, and a penis.
Who are you?
Someone wondering
why a decorated Delta Force operator
is behind bars, awaiting court-martial.
It's spelled out in the official report.
Have fun trying to find
the unredacted copy, okay?
I've read it.
It's a real slog.
I have a few questions though.
For instance, why would
the same Sergeant Sami Saidi,
who was shot saving hostages
during Operation New Dawn,
subsequently kill a civilian
during Operation Torchlight,
try to cover it up?
Both those operations were classified.
They still are.
I assume the official report
is missing some details.
I have a theory.
It was Sergeant Theo Miller
who shot Aisha Al-Bashir in Ramadi.
How do you know her name?
Command tried to cover it up to protect
the nephew of a four-star general.
- You refused. Now you're being railroaded.
- [Sami sighing]
But... not before
you put Miller in the hospital.
How'd I do?
[in Arabic] Your file says
you speak Arabic.
Fluent?
[in Arabic] My mother insisted we learn.
[music fades]
Wanted us to remember our roots.
[in English] A wise woman.
Any other languages?
[in French] What is it
that you want, Madame?
Yes, I speak French, Urdu, Pashto...
[in Farsi] ...passable Farsi.
[in German] To be or not to be?
That is the question.
[in Dutch] I can also speak Dutch to you,
I've got plenty of time anyway.
[in Russian] I speak rather poor Russian...
Do you have something to say?
[in English] Who are you?
I'm here on behalf
of the president of the United States.
Right.
I work for a top-secret program
tasked with investigating
corruption and treason
at the highest echelons
of American intelligence.
I think you would be
an interesting candidate to join us.
[in English] Sounds tempting,
but I'm a bit tied up at the moment.
My apologies.
[suspenseful music playing]
[handcuffs clanking]
Let me tell you about Night Action.
[opening theme music playing]
Give Noor until the end of the day
to cool off,
see if she hands over the pictures
of the documents.
- What if she doesn't?
- Leverage her.
Either she gives us what she promised,
or we expose her to the ambassador.
You cannot be serious.
You'd just burn her like that?
She's the whole reason
we know about the documents.
And now she's not cooperating.
Wait, you're on board with this?
We don't have time for alternatives. Okay?
Foxglove is already in the wrong hands.
What do you mean? What is Foxglove?
[music fades]
We can't tell you.
But trust me, Rose, potentially thousands
of lives are at risk here. Thousands.
Okay, but let's all just be human beings
for a second, okay?
What if the Iranian mission
finds something that implicates Noor,
and you still haven't got her family out?
They'll send her back home, throw her
and her family in prison, or worse.
Then let's hope they don't find anything.
[scoffing] Since when have we relied
on hope?
If you're gonna fuck someone over,
be honest about it.
We need to move quickly.
An extraction could take weeks.
Blackmail might be the only option.
Well, I just met Noor.
You know better than I do
how to get her on board.
We can't move as fast as she wants.
Okay? We can't.
And she knew what she was getting into.
She knew it was gonna be dangerous
when she agreed
to help us get those documents.
I'll call her tonight,
present her with the options.
[tense music playing]
[car horns honking]
[Javad in Farsi] Hamza was discharged
this morning. Ali is still concussed.
The hospital will keep him another day.
[keyboard clacking]
[in Farsi] American?
Or a flawless American accent.
Where else did he go?
[Javad] We don't know.
There's 15 minutes of dead air
on last night's security feed.
He tripped the circuit.
Either he correctly guessed that
the cameras would reboot if he did.
- Or--
- Or he was told by someone on our end.
Couldn't happen at a worse time.
I don't like rats in my house, Javad.
[indistinct chatter]
Noor.
[in Farsi] I was wondering
if I'd get to see you today.
[Noor sighing]
How are Hamza and Ali?
[exhaling] Still recovering.
[Noor] Uh...
And the man who attacked them?
Did you find him?
Not yet.
Soon enough.
Have you been crying?
No, no.
I'm a little under the weather.
Maybe keep your distance.
Last thing I want is to get you sick.
Who else will keep us safe
from rude diplomats?
And meddlesome caterers.
Especially them.
Only because you insisted.
Feel better.
Thank you.
Hello.
[Noor clearing throat]
Noor...
Are you okay?
You've been acting strange lately.
Taking forever to run errands,
looking over your shoulder.
I didn't realize I was being timed.
Last night, that woman found your phone
by Abbas's office.
Nobody was supposed to be upstairs.
I heard a noise. I went to check.
Spare me the lie. Something's up.
You've clearly been crying.
I'm worried about you.
I'm fine. Just a little sick.
Stop asking... please.
[tense music playing]
[siren wailing in distance]
[door rattling, clicking]
[keyboard clacking]
[lock clicking]
[Peter] Work?
CEO wants to discuss my future
at the company.
I'm sorry.
I'm gonna grab some food.
- What do you want?
- I'm good.
- Have you eaten since breakfast?
- No.
What are you, on a hunger strike?
Rose, I get that you're upset.
You get that I'm upset?
I'm trying my best here. Okay?
What do you want me to do?
Get her family out.
Like she asked from the beginning
and like you agreed to do.
We're working on it. Okay?
But a job like this, it takes time.
Weeks of recon, multiple operatives.
Her brother's military service
starts next week.
Catherine's trying to get the CIA
to expedite the process.
The CIA that Warren worked for? That CIA?
You're asking Noor
to trust the same institutions
that you investigate in Night Action?
The one that drove you
off the grid for a month?
- It's a little more complicated.
- It really isn't, Peter.
[siren wailing in distance]
What would you do if I was in her shoes?
I know you wouldn't give up that easily.
Fine.
Okay? I'll call Catherine, and, um,
we'll try to figure something else out.
- Thank you.
- [Peter] Yeah.
And I was thinking burgers
with fries and mayo and ketchup.
Yeah, I know your order.
[Rose chuckling]
Thank you.
Next time, try coming before
the infection sets in, Mr. Welling.
I'll just avoid bar fights altogether.
Someone will be in shortly
with your prescription.
[Solomon] Thank you.
[phone ringing]
[door opening]
What?
I can't believe that woman
did that to you.
She's a tiny little thing.
I'm aware, Celeste.
- How long you gonna keep this up?
- Until I find them.
And until I can get you back
into the house safely.
No, I mean running around the world.
Getting in all these messes.
- You ever think about retiring?
- How, Celeste?
You know everything I make
goes to you, right?
At first. But you gotta have
a little saved after a few raises, right?
I've never had a raise.
You're shitting me. In six years?
It doesn't feel right to ask.
After everything he's done for me,
for the both of us.
He demands more and more from you.
You're the one taking all the risks.
You're the one
putting your face out there,
the one with your nuts on the table.
What is the point, Celeste?
Would he be able to do
any of what he does without you?
[Solomon breathing deeply]
Then make damn sure he knows that.
[tense music playing]
[footsteps approaching]
Peter Sutherland, Sami Saidi.
Sami has been with Night Action
going on five years.
- [Peter] It's good to meet you.
- Likewise.
[Catherine] This op is Sami's decision.
If he's not on board, we move forward
with what we discussed. Understood?
- Yeah.
- Take it away.
We have an asset that works
for the Iranian mission to the UN.
We promised
we'd get her family out of Iran
in exchange for leaked intelligence
that the Iranian ambassador
was in possession of.
Now, I need someone to extract her family
from the outskirts of Isfahan
by this time tomorrow.
- Tomorrow? Wow.
- [Peter] Yeah.
This intel, how...
how big a deal are we talking?
We think it has something to do with a
chemical weapons program called Foxglove.
Hmm. I thought the world agreed
not to test those anymore.
A few generals wanted to protect against
a new generation of chemical warfare,
so they hired elite scientists
to brainstorm weapons
that could be produced
with modern tech and modern chemistry,
then... went on ahead and created it.
And the mobile lab
they created it in just got stolen.
- [Sami] By the Iranians?
- It's unclear.
But we're hoping the documents can shed
some light on who stole it and why.
- Still... 24 hours.
- Yeah, I know.
Our asset has risked a lot
to get us this intel.
And, not to mention, her brother
starts military conscription next week,
at which point extraction
would be impossible.
[Peter breathing deeply]
Now, look, I... I get this is a huge ask.
Yeah, I get it. What's plan B?
You know, threaten to expose her
to her bosses,
blackmail her
to hand over the intelligence.
But at least that buys you a few more days
to plan for the extraction.
A few days? Sounds great.
And this is assuming the Iranian mission
doesn't discover her by then.
[Catherine] Hey, look,
I don't love either option,
but at least my way, Sami's
not going into the field without any prep.
I'm not gonna lose another agent again.
I'm just not.
So her family stays together,
you get what you need to find
the people that have a chemical lab,
maybe prevent
some kind of attack here at home?
- That's the idea, if you can pull it off.
- Any hesitation, we'll find another way.
One that doesn't involve
hanging her out to dry?
- Guess we gotta do it his way, then.
- Thank you.
[Catherine] Okay, I'll leave you two
to talk contingencies.
I'll find someone who can fly you
into Isfahan undetected this afternoon.
Yeah, great.
[Peter] Noor, this is Sami.
He's agreed to help
get your family out of Iran.
Hello. It's very nice to meet you.
[in Farsi] Hello, Noor, nice to meet you.
[in Farsi] You speak Farsi too!
[Sami] Of course!
[Noor exhaling]
Now if this is gonna work,
we need to know everything.
All the roads
that lead to your family's home,
all the side streets,
nosy neighbors, all of it.
Okay, let's get to work.
[suspenseful music playing]
[Artoun] Rose!
[Rose] Hey, Artoun.
[Artoun] Interesting place.
Uh, my mom's still setting up
her new apartment.
Oh, so you found her. Good.
Uh, yeah. That's why I am not back yet.
I meant to tell you. Sorry.
So the team and I have been discussing
the changes you made to the source code,
and while you obviously
should have checked in with me first,
we love it.
- [music fades]
- You do?
AdVerse as a tracking tool.
I mean, I'm pissed
I didn't think of it myself first.
We are talking about a company-wide pivot.
Uh, what about the marketing play?
Gone. Dead.
I showed Adrien Mullen
what you changed, how it works.
He wants to fully fund us,
pitch us to government agencies,
law enforcement.
And not just in the U.S.,
we are going global, baby!
Um, is that a good idea?
I mean, this is a powerful tool.
We need time to test the program,
uh, assemble some sort of ethics board.
Ethics board?
You sound like the girl in the dorm
who calls campus police
to shut down the party
'cause she can't sleep.
We need to vet who we're selling to,
how they plan to use it.
In the wrong hands,
this tech can be abused.
Rose, you really wanna
slow this train down?
AdVerse takes off, we all win.
You get that?
I can't be a part of this
unless it's done right,
so maybe it's best if we part ways.
Seriously?
Of course, there's still a lot of work
that needs to be done to make the pivot,
and no one knows
the ins and outs of the code like me.
And, look, I really doubt
that Adrien would question
why your lead programmer walked out
right before a funding round.
And even if he did,
I'm positive he wouldn't
tank the deal as a result.
[sighing] What do you want, Rose?
Chief technology officer,
equity, and finally--
- Don't say ethics board.
- Ethics board.
[Artoun sighing]
[man] He's late.
The bridge is backed up.
Just give him a few extra minutes.
So how was the doctor this morning?
Got stitched up right this time.
Antibiotics, no permanent damage.
Good.
And your sister?
She liking the new apartment?
She misses home... but she likes it enough.
Yeah.
She mentioned
something interesting earlier.
Well, she just asked
how long I had been working for you,
and I told her six years.
And then she asked when the last time was
I got a raise, and, uh...
I told her I couldn't remember.
I don't think
you've ever asked for one, Solomon.
[Solomon] Yeah, I guess not.
You know, maybe when the time is right,
we can talk about one.
- Are you unhappy?
- No.
Of course not.
It's just that Celeste
asked about retirement,
whether I had been saving, and I haven't.
And with this injury,
it got me thinking maybe I should start.
And for that, I'm gonna need a raise.
All right.
State your case.
Well, I've been with you for a while.
Six years, like I said.
I think you would agree
that during that time,
I've been valuable to your work.
Certainly.
Took on a leadership role
since Carter left.
Public-facing, much higher risk.
And I'm happy to do it.
I just think that my compensation
should reflect that.
How much were you thinking?
I mean, I think ten percent.
Five, maybe?
I know we've had some setbacks recently,
so I would understand
if you can't do five.
[Solomon breathing deeply, exhaling]
You know, three is a fair number.
Even... even two. I think two would be...
Are you negotiating a raise or a pay cut?
Uh...
That him?
[tense music playing]
Yeah.
- Let's, uh, pick this up later.
- Of course.
[man 2] It's been a month now.
His name hasn't shown up
on any intelligence reports,
no ops in Thailand
matching your description.
As far as the bureau's concerned,
Sutherland hasn't worked for us,
the U.S. government,
or anyone else for the last ten months.
[Solomon] Then who is he working for?
He's gotta be with some government agency.
[man 2] Not officially, he isn't.
I... I can keep digging.
No.
Just lay low.
A thousand pages on Camp David,
no black marker.
Any mention of him here?
You want a book report?
That'll cost extra.
None of the bits I skimmed.
You sure he was there?
We've heard it from a couple of sources.
We're good.
Pleasure doing business.
[music fades]
[in Farsi] Pack your bags tonight.
We'll have to move fast tomorrow.
[woman in Farsi]
You're sure it will be safe?
[Noor in Farsi] Yes, Mom, I promise.
Tell Farhad not to overpack.
I love you.
[woman] I love you.
My brave girl.
- [cell phone chiming]
- That was Catherine.
The pilot says he can buy you an hour
at a private airstrip.
But Catherine's
still trying to find you a car.
How's your mom feel?
[in English] She's trying to sound strong,
but I can tell she's scared.
I want to be there tomorrow with you
to make sure that Sami
has them safely on the plane.
Just to make sure they're okay.
I'll call Peter
as soon as we're in the air with them.
And I promise
I'll call you right after, okay?
No. I would like to be there.
It's better for you if I am.
The sooner I know they're okay,
the sooner you have your documents.
Fine, yeah.
[Sami breathing deeply]
- Thank you.
- [Peter] Yeah.
Both of you.
How you feel, man?
Are you good? Everything okay?
Yeah.
Not the most dangerous thing
Night Action has ever asked from me.
When this is all over,
I'll buy you a beer,
or... five.
Why do I get the feeling
you're more on edge about this than I am?
Catherine can't lose another agent?
What happened?
We were in Bangkok,
my partner and I split up.
Okay? We were made, and, uh...
- [somber music playing]
- [Peter exhaling]
I couldn't get back to her in time.
Maybe if I would've taken
a different route,
you know, run faster, I... I don't know.
Stop.
Don't do this, man.
Don't play the "what if" game, I mean it.
It's impossible to know
the best way forward.
Let me tell you something.
One of my Delta COs
talked about having a moral anchor for me.
It's my little sister.
When I start playing this game,
I think about her.
You know?
What would she say about what I did?
Would she agree
I tried to do the right thing?
And if she would,
I'm not saying
I sleep easy at night, but it helps.
Maybe you should think about
who this person is for you.
Okay.
- [hands clasping]
- Get home safe.
I'll try.
Ugh, finally.
- This shirt was starting to smell spicy.
- I wasn't gonna say anything.
How'd the, uh, call go with your boss?
Well, I threatened to quit,
and I got a promotion instead.
Wow, not bad for somebody
who's been blowing off work for a week.
What about you? How'd it go?
Good. Um, there's an agent en route,
and Noor's gonna be with Catherine and me
tomorrow while he picks up her family.
Maybe you should be there too.
Noor seems to be more relaxed around you.
Okay. How is she?
Grateful,
afraid.
[Rose] And you?
Hopeful.
But since when
have we relied on hope, right?
Sometimes that's all we have.
[train rattling]
- What?
- Nothing.
Just glad you're here.
[tender music playing]
[car horns honking]
[indistinct chatter]
- [in Farsi] Hello.
Feeling better?
[in Farsi] Afraid not.
I'm heading to the doctor in a moment.
What's this?
Aash Shalgham.
Mom would make it for us
whenever we were sick.
[Noor exhaling]
I didn't take you for a cook.
[Javad chuckling]
I'm not.
She was watching on the phone
the entire time, criticizing.
As a good Iranian mother should.
Thank you. I'm sure it's delicious.
Enjoy.
Haleh,
can I borrow you? Just for a moment.
Of course.
[suspenseful music playing]
Take a seat.
[music fades]
I wanted to ask you about the party.
The vendors.
You chose them?
They were the same as last year.
All of them?
[Haleh] The decorators, the florists,
the valets--
The caterers?
No, this was our first time using them.
The last company went out of business.
And how did you pick new ones?
Bijan and I tasted a few places.
Is this about the man
who attacked Hamza and Ali?
[Javad] Do you remember seeing this man?
That him?
No.
[tense music playing]
Said with such confidence.
I mean, it's possible
I passed him during the party.
I don't know.
Which is it?
You didn't see him, or you don't know?
I... I don't know.
Oh. You finalized the guest list, right?
Did you make any last-minute changes?
People were canceling or revising
until the day before.
And... who approves the final list?
Abbas, but he never changes it.
So really, you give final approval.
What is this about exactly, Javad?
[Javad] Do you remember seeing her?
She looks familiar.
[keyboard clacking]
That's right. I did speak to her...
Near the Ambassador's personal office?
I heard a noise upstairs. I went to check.
I saw this woman looking for a bathroom.
And... the phone? Hers or yours?
Haleh--
Mine.
It fell out of my pocket.
She saw it and was giving it back to me.
Great!
You wouldn't mind if I take a look at it.
Huh?
See, Haleh,
we have a problem.
Because this phone looks nothing
like the one she's handing over to you.
You don't find that strange?
You seem to be at the center
of a lot of unusual events that night.
Perhaps Bijan will be more cooperative.
No, Bijan has nothing to do with this.
Please...
Nothing to do with what?
Tell me, Haleh.
Noor has it.
It was her phone.
[suspenseful music swelling]
[Haleh crying]
[music fades]
Anything?
[Solomon] Nothing yet.
Still got a couple of sections left.
If we haven't come across his name yet,
I doubt we will.
They erased him from the narrative.
But who?
FBI? CIA? NSA?
None of our contacts
can seem to place him.
Whatever agency he's working for,
they wanna keep his activities quiet.
[man] Perhaps.
Or it's because
he's working for an agency,
or a department,
or something that doesn't exist.
At least not on paper.
You heard the girl
over the radio in Bangkok.
Night Action.
[scoffing] I thought
that was just a call sign.
You think it's something else?
[man] I don't know.
But it's a blind spot.
And we cannot afford to have those,
especially this close to the finish line.
I've been thinking about
our earlier conversation.
[tense music playing]
About your salary.
Yeah, we don't...
we don't have to talk about that.
These past few months...
helping me with Foxglove
and my plans for the future...
You're right. You are invaluable to me.
To this operation.
And it's time that I recognize it.
A 15% raise, and a title.
Let's call it...
Vice President of Acquisitions.
Thank you very much.
Your first assignment,
acquire Peter Sutherland for me.
I think it's time he and I
had a proper introduction.
You got it, boss.
[suspenseful music playing]
[lock clicking]
[switch clicking]
[drawer sliding open, closed]
[cell phone ringing]
[ringing stops]
[in Farsi] Yes, sir?
[Abbas in Farsi] Hi, Javad.
I heard you interrogated Haleh and Bijan.
What's going on?
No, no, it's nothing.
Just had a few questions about the party,
confirming details.
Oh, thank God...
No rat then?
[Javad] Not yet.
Still following up on a few leads.
I'll let you know as soon as I know more.
Very good.
Please do.
Thank you. Goodbye.
[cell phone tapping]
[suspenseful music swelling]
[car horn honking]
This is it?
Yeah, this is it.
[knocking on door]
Welcome.
Make yourselves at home.
[music fades]
- He land yet?
- Touched down a few minutes ago.
He's about 20 minutes out
from the apartment,
but there's no issues so far.
Can we see his location?
- No.
- How do we get updates?
- Cutting edge.
- [Noor sighing]
When this is all over,
you should talk to Travers
about upping your budget.
We have a dozen of these
in every major city around the world,
so, believe it or not,
it adds up pretty fast.
Still.
You didn't strike me
as religious, Catherine.
No. I'm not.
So, what now?
We wait for the phone to ring.
[suspenseful music playing]
Just like old times, right?
[Catherine] Hmm.
[crickets chirping]
[music fades]
[in Farsi] You'll forget all about me...
I know you will...
[in Farsi] I'll visit all the time.
My brother barely came back after he left.
They only gave him a few nights off
here and there.
Then,
you come to me.
The base is only two hours away.
Mehran says there's a park
close by with a lake.
I just got my license.
You're crazy if you think
Baba will allow me to disappear
with his car all day.
We'll talk every day then, Jujeh.
You'll call me every day, promise?
- I promise, I promise.
- [knocking on door]
[dog barking in distance]
Someone's at the front door.
Now?
[Farhad] Let me...
I'll call you back.
- [woman in Farsi] Hello.
- [Sami in Farsi] Hello.
[woman] The bags are there.
Hello, Farhad.
- Hello.
- [Sami] We need to leave now.
Who is he?
Don't worry, trust me.
Mom... What's happening?
Where are you going? Who is this?
This is Sami.
He's here to take us to your sister.
- [Farhad] What?
- You didn't tell him...?
Your sister figured out a way
to get us out of Iran.
Just like Baba talked about.
- Are you serious?
- Why didn't you tell him?
I've already packed our bags.
But we need to go now.
Is this a joke?
Who are you really?
Farhad, keep your voice down.
This is my house!
- Don't tell me what to do!
- Farhad, quiet--
Who is this? Who are you?
My name is Sami.
Noor sent me here
to get you and your mother out of Iran.
Noor sent you?
[indistinct chatter]
[objects clattering outside]
You're an American?
I'll explain in the car.
[suspenseful music playing]
We need to move.
Farhad-- Listen to him, Farhad.
No. I'm not going anywhere...
Farhad.
[phone ringing]
Hey, Sami, everything okay?
[in English] We have a problem.
The brother doesn't wanna come.
Put him on the phone.
You need to figure this out
with your brother, okay?
This is ridiculous.
We have no idea who this man is
or what he wants with us.
I told you, Noor sent him.
- No!
- Your sister--
- Noor?
- [in Farsi] Farhad, you need to listen.
You need to go with them. Now.
First, tell me what's going on!
I found a way for us to leave Iran.
Forever. To have a better life.
I don't want to leave home!
I would've told you
if you'd bothered to ask.
Mom said she told you.
I was afraid he'd run off...
You knew he'd say no?
Hey, what's happening?
[in English] My mother didn't tell him
they were leaving.
[in Farsi] I thought he'd understand
and listen to me.
[in Farsi] Mom!
Farhad, I am your older sister.
- So?
- I know what's best for all of us.
I did this for you.
You don't have to go to the army anymore.
That's why you did this?
Please, Farhad... listen to her.
I have friends here.
People who care about me, who love me!
We love you!
- Just go without me.
- That won't work.
[Farhad] Why not?
[knocking on door]
[man in Farsi] Azita?
Brother Farhad?
It's Babak.
[Babak] Farhad?
- Brother Farhad?
- [knocking continues]
- Hello.
- Hello, Babak.
Everything okay?
Everything's fine...
There's a stranger here--
Who's here?
Farhad.
This is my nephew---
She's lying--
- Hello.
- Farhad.
[Babak] Hi.
He's a bit angry.
Just a small family dispute--
- He's a stranger. He shouldn't be here!
- [Azita] Farhad, silence!
- Who is that?
- That's Babak, our neighbor.
Maybe the two of us should speak outside.
That's not necessary.
That accent?
Where are you from?
I'm visiting from abroad.
Help us! Get him out!
Farhad, enough!
Babak, really, we're fine.
It's a family matter.
Don't interfere, please.
Not until I understand what's going on.
Come inside then. We'll talk.
[indistinct chatter]
Come in then.
We'll talk.
[Babak] Talk, huh?
[suspenseful music swelling]
You need to tell me
exactly what they just said, right now.
Catherine, call this off now.
- Get Sami out of there.
- No, not without them.
Your brother is not cooperating.
If you don't get them out,
I will destroy these photos.
I don't care what happens to me.
Does your brother speak English?
A little bit.
What the hell are you doing?
[Peter] Hey, Farhad. Can you hear me?
[Farhad in English] Hello?
Yes. Who are you?
[Peter] My name's Peter. I work with Noor.
Listen, your life is changing
very quickly. Okay?
I can't imagine
how difficult this is for you.
But you need to listen to me.
Your sister is in trouble with the IRGC.
- What trouble?
- They're planning on hurting people.
Okay? Now your sister's been very brave,
and she's helping us to try to stop them.
But now they're suspicious of her.
She's in danger.
Your sister needs your help.
I... I don't understand.
Fuck!
[in Farsi] The Pasdar.
They suspect me of helping the Americans.
Does he understand? Do you understand?
[in English] Yes, I... I understand.
- Make Noor safe.
- [Peter] That's what I'm trying to do.
And the quicker you leave with Sami,
the less chance the IRGC has
of finding out that this happened.
Okay? The easier it'll be for us
to keep your sister safe.
- You love her, right?
- Yes, of course.
Help us by keeping her safe.
[in Farsi] Farhad. Farhad, please...
[in Farsi] Okay, let's go.
[in English] Okay.
[in English] I'll go.
He'll come. I'll call when I can.
[line clicking, dial tone]
[Noor exclaiming]
- The bags--
- Leave them, we have to go!
[Babak] Hey, dude,
come out!
[Sami] You don't want to do this...
Get out of their home.
I've already explained--
Come out here and explain it again.
No?
Call the police, tell them a stranger
has come--
Oh, God...
[both grunting]
[bar clanging]
Stay back.
Get in the car. Get in the car.
[people clamoring]
- Stay back, stay back.
- Farhad, don't go with this bastard!
- [Azita] Let's go!
- Farhad, say something!
- Stay back!
- Where are you going with this bastard?
How are you going to escape?
Foreigner!
There's one hundred million of us
and only one of you.
I'll hurt you so badly that even the birds
up in the sky are gonna mourn for you.
[car starting]
[window breaking]
[both yelling]
[intense music playing]
God help us...
[engine revving]
[police siren wailing]
[police siren waning]
How far is the airstrip?
It's about ten miles.
[Rose sighing]
[cell phone ringing]
I can't go...
What do you mean?
Drop me off here.
[Azita] Farhad--
[Farhad] Take Mom to Noor.
I'm staying behind.
If you stay,
they will throw you in prison.
I'll figure something out.
[Azita muttering]
I'll make something up--
Farhad, just think for two seconds--
I'll make something up.
Stop! Let me off here.
No! I won't allow you. Snap out of it!
[car engine revving]
[siren wailing]
[Azita gasping] Oh God.
[siren stopping]
Let me talk.
[suspenseful music continues]
- [in Farsi] Hello.
- Hello, officer.
What happened to your brake light?
And your back window?
Kids in the neighborhood misbehaving.
Car off.
[engine stopping]
Give me the keys.
[keys jangling]
[officer] Where are you headed?
[Sami] Kashan.
[officer] So late?
How do you know this man?
- [Sami] I'm--
- I'm asking her.
[crickets chirping]
He's my nephew.
We were visiting a sick family member
in Gharazi Hospital.
License?
[Farhad exhaling]
Wait here.
[dispatch] All units be on the lookout
for a white Toyota Land Cruiser.
Step out.
- What's the problem?
- [officer 2] Step out of the car!
Out now!
Turn around and put your hands on the car.
Put your hands on the car!
Listen.
I have a gun in the front of my waistband.
[officer 2] A gun?!
Don't turn around! Don't you move!
Don't move!
Understood?
- [gun firing]
- [Azita gasping]
[officer 2 grunting]
[officers grunting]
[tense music playing]
[Azita] Farhad.
Farhad, what are you doing?
[suspenseful music playing]
Farhad.
Put the gun down.
I'm going back...
Just put the gun down, Farhad.
I'll tell them a stranger
came into my home
and tried to kidnap me and my mother.
Farhad!
Please--
And I had to stop him.
[suspenseful music swelling]
- [Azita gasping]
- [gun firing]
[Azita shrieking]
Farhad!
Farhad, talk to me,
Farhad, talk to me, please!
[dispatch] Sending backup
to your location.
[Azita] Farhad, talk to me! Talk to me!
[Azita sobbing]
[Sami straining]
What have you done?! You killed him!
You killed my son!
What have you done to me?!
What have you done?
Farhad!
[somber music playing]
[Azita screaming]
Don't! Don't!
Get your hands off me!
[Azita sobbing]
[dramatic music playing]
[phone ringing]
Yeah.
[Sami] Listen.
- Things went bad.
- Okay.
[Sami] The... the brother pulled a gun
and took a shot at me.
I... [clearing throat] ...I had to shoot him.
[Peter] Right.
[Sami sighing] He's dead.
You hear me?
Yeah.
[Sami] Still got the mother. She's not
doing well, but I'll get her on the plane.
Right.
[Sami] I'm sorry it's not better news.
I'll... I'll call when I can to explain
what happened, but I gotta go.
Understood.
[line clicking, dial tone]
[dial tone]
Are they safe?
[phone clicking]
Yeah.
Yeah, they're safe.
[Noor gasping]
[music fades]
[ending theme music playing]
[ending theme music ends]